ENH Adds support for pandas dataframe with only sparse arrays (#16728)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.23.rst

  pandas sparse DataFrame.
  :pr:`16021` by :user:`Rushabh Vasani <rushabh-v>`.

- |Enhancement| :func:`utils.validation.check_array` now constructs a sparse

>   matrix from a pandas DataFrame with containing only `SparseArray`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  matrix from a pandas DataFrame that contains only `SparseArray`s.
```
